Recall that we did not give our model any data about 2010 when it trained.
So if we ask it to predict data in 2010,
we're asking it to look into its future.
To ask it for such a prediction,
I'm going to have to create a formatted input.
In this case, I'll aim to predict the first 30 days of 2010,
starting on January 1st.
So I'm setting my start date accordingly.
The request data is going to be a dictionary of instances and configuration.
In this case, there is only one instance defined by my start time and an empty target.
This data has no complete associated time series.
We specifically withheld that information from our model,
and the configuration details will be the same as before.
Then I can pass this json input to a predictor and get a prediction back.
Then in the next line,
I'm just decoding that prediction to get a list of quantum predictions.
Next, I have a few details in here but creating a 2010 time series.
We didn't do that at the start of this notebook.
So I'm just grabbing the data at the end of
my mean_power_data frame and creating a 2010 times series that's a few months long.
From this time series data,
I can get the actual target consumption values from 2010 for comparison.
Then I'm using my same display_quantiles code
to compare the predicted values with the target values.
So this looks really good.
The predictions for January of 2010 closely line up with the actual data,
even though DeepAR has never seen this data before and was given no target.
As a last step here,
I want to make sure to delete
the predictor endpoint after I'm done with all my predictions,
and I want to congratulate you for making it through this lesson.
Now you've seen one complex but far reaching method for time series forecasting,
and you should have the skills you need to apply
the DeepAR model to time-series data that interests you. Great job.